[stable/rabbitmq] Update image to new bash container (#14529)
helm/charts: stable/rabbitmq/README.md

## Upgrading

### To 6.0.0

> This new version updates the RabbitMQ image to a [new version based on bash instead of JavaScript](https://github.com/bitnami/bitnami-docker-rabbitmq#3715-r18-3715-ol-7-r19). However, since this Chart overwrites the container's command, the changes to the container shouldn't affect the Chart. To upgrade, it may be needed to enable the `fastBoot` option, as it is already the case from upgrading from 5.X to 5.Y.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This new version updates the RabbitMQ image to a [new version based on bash instead of node.js](https://github.com/bitnami/bitnami-docker-rabbitmq#3715-r18-3715-ol-7-r19). However, since this Chart overwrites the container's command, the changes to the container shouldn't affect the Chart. To upgrade, it may be needed to enable the `fastBoot` option, as it is already the case from upgrading from 5.X to 5.Y.  
```
In order to be consistent with previous cases: https://github.com/helm/charts/tree/master/stable/postgresql#400
